Remove the need to maintain third party propagators. (#1144)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/context/api-propagators.md

* [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/latest/client-libraries/#propagation-format).

Additional `Propagator`s implementing vendor-specific protocols such as AWS
X-Ray trace header protocol MUST NOT be maintained nor distributed as part of

> the core OpenTelemetry repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Core OpenTelemetry repositories.
```

* [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/latest/client-libraries/#propagation-format).

Additional `Propagator`s implementing vendor-specific protocols such as AWS

> X-Ray trace header protocol MUST NOT be maintained nor distributed as part of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
X-Ray trace header protocol MUST NOT be maintained or distributed as part of
```

the core OpenTelemetry repositories.

> Note: AWS is used as an example, not as a requirement.

Reviewer 2: not sure what that means, esp. "as a requirement" part

Author: I think @SergeyKanzhelev meant that the AWS is not a required Propagator, and was mentioned only as an example of a supported propagator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: A Custom AWS X-Ray propagator is used as an example, implementing it is not required.
```

Or removing it completely makes sense to me too.

Author: Removed it to avoid confusions.

Additional `Propagator`s implementing vendor-specific protocols such as AWS

> X-Ray (Note, AWS is used as an example, not as a requirement) trace header

Reviewer 3: This Note is a bit confusing with the new wording.

Author: The part within `()`? Or all this section?

Reviewer 3: The part within (), as it talks about a requirement.

Author: Moved down, as a simple note. Let me know if you think we should remove it entirely instead (I think it can stay, but I have no strong opinion).

> protocol MUST be maintained and distributed by their respective vendors.

Reviewer: Does this include the Contrib repos as well?

Author: I think this will be addressed in @alolita's follow-up (my gut feeling is: third party propagators that are relatively well known will end up in a `contrib`repo 😄 )

Reviewer: Makes sense! Do you think we can word that in the spec here, so that Vendor specific Propagators won't be rejected from Contrib repos?

```suggestion
protocol MUST NOT be maintained and distributed as part of the Core repos.
```

Reviewer 4: Yeah since we already have propagators in some contrib repos, it seems disruptive in between making this change and a followup - is it possible to wait and combine them? Or go with @NathanielRN's softer wording?

Author: Not sure I should do here, as this was merely originated by #1047 so I'd rather not modify the Spec to include the contrib repos (which @alolita should be working on soon anyway).

So we either, depending on how soon such follow up will come:

1) Merge this and allow the propagators in repos stay there for now (citing that #1047 is not resolved yet)
2) Wait for the follow up and merge them together (if the follow up is coming real soon).

@alolita any opinion? ;)

Author: @NathanielRN Updated, please review.
